#Directory Structure

#####**#Introduction**
#####**#The Root Directory**
     - The `app` Directory
     - The `bootstrap` Directory
     - The `config` Directory
     - The `database` Directory
     - The `public` Directory
     - The `resources` Directory
     - The `routes` Directory
     - The `storage` Directory
     - The `tests` Directory
     - The `vendor` Directory
#####**#The App Directory**
     - The `Broadcasting` Directory
     - The `Console` Directory
     - The `Events` Directory
     - The `Exceptions` Directory
     - The `Http` Directory
     - The `Jobs` Directory
     - The `Listeners` Directory
     - The `Mail` Directory
     - The `Notifications` Directory
     - The `Policies` Directory
     - The `Providers` Directory
     - The `Rules` Directory

##**#Introduction** 
- The default Laravel application structure is intended to provide a great starting point for both large and small applications. But you are free to organize your application however you like. Laravel imposes almost no restrictions on where any given class is located - as long as Composer can autoload the class.


####**Where Is The Models Directory?**

More information:
- `When getting started with Laravel, many developers are confused by the lack of a models directory. However, the lack of such a directory is intentional. We find the word "models" ambiguous since it means many different things to many different people. Some developers refer to an application's "model" as the totality of all of its business logic, while others refer to "models" as classes that interact with a relational database.

- For this reason, we choose to place Eloquent models in the app directory by default, and allow the developer to place them somewhere else if they choose.`

##**#The Root Directory**

      
####**The App Directory**
- Contains the core code of your application
- Hầu hết các class of application ở thưc mục này

####**The Bootstrap Directory**
- Contains `app.php` file which bootstraps the framework
- Contains `cache` directory contains framework generated files for tối ưu hóa hiệu suất, (as the route and services cache files)

####**The Config Directory**
- Contains all of your application's configuration files.

####**The Database Directory**
- Contains your database migrations, model factories, and seeds.
- Có thể sử dụng thư mục để chứa các SQLite database

####**The Public Directory**
- Contains the index.php file
- Contains assets as images, JavaScript, and CSS.
- `Which is the entry point for all requests entering your application and configures autoloading.`

####**The Resources Directory**
- Contains your views as well as your raw.
- Assets un-compiled as LESS, SASS, or JavaScript
- Can hold all of your language files

####**The Routes Directory**
- Contains all of the route definitions for your application
- Một số file trong Laravel tệp gồm `web.php`, `api.php`, `console.php` and `channel.php`

- The `web.php` file contains routes that the `RouteServiceProvider` places in the `web` middleware group, cung caaps session state, CSRF protection, and cookie encrytion. If your application does not offer a stateless, RESTful API, all of your routes will most likely be defined in the `web.php` file.

- The `api.php` file contains routes that the `RouteServiceProvider` places in the `api` middleware group, which provides rate limiting. These routes are intended to be stateless, so requests entering the application through these routes are intended to be authenticated via tokens and will not have access to session state

- The `console.php` file is where you may define all of your Closure based console commands. Each Closure is bound to a command instance allowing a simple approach to interacting with each command's IO methods. Even though this file does not define HTTP routes, it defines console based entry points (routes) into your application.

- The `channels.php` ile is where you may register all of the event broadcasting channels that your application supports

####The Storage Directory

- Contains your compiled Blade templates, file based sessions, file caches, and other files generated by the framework.
- Thư mục được tách thành: `app`, `framework` and `logs` directories. 
- The `app` directory may be used to store any files generated by your application.
- The `framework` directory is used to store framework generated files and cache
- The logs directory contains your application's log files.

*
- The `storage/app/public` directory may be used to store user-generated files, such as profile avatars, that should be publicly accessible 
- You should create a symbolic link at `public/storage` which points to this directory. You may create the link using the `php artisan storage:link` command


####The Tests Directory
- The `tests` directory contains your automated tests
- An example `PHPUnit` test is provided out of the box
- Each test class should be suffixed with the word Test
- You may run your tests using the `phpunit` or `php vendor/bin/phpunit` commands

####The Vendor Directory
- The `vendor` directory contains your `Composer` dependencies.


##**#The App Directory**
- Phần lớn application is housed in the app directory
- By default, this directory is namespaced under `App` and is autoloaded by Composer  using the `PSR-4 autoloading standard`.

*
- The `app` directory contains a variety of additional directories such as `Console`, `Http`, and `Providers`.
- Think of the Console and Http directories as providing an API into the core of your application.
- The HTTP protocol and CLI là hai cơ chế tương tác vớ ứng dụng của bạn nhưng không chứa logic của application
- The `Console` directory contains all of your Artisan commands, while the `Http` directory contains your controllers, middleware, and requests

*
- Các thư mục khác cũng được tạo bên trong `app` 





Link: https://laravel.com/docs/7.x/structure#the-public-directory
position: These classes are generated using the make:channel command. 

## Directory struct of Laravel application
Directory | Include 

`/app`| Include controller, model, views and assets: contain your code

`/public` | Store file css, javascrip, images, ... and start file `index.php`

`/verdor` | Contain code of third party, plugin install for application
`/app/config/`| Contain files configure when runing application as: database, session, etc.

`/app/config/app.php` | Configure setup layer application as: timezone, locale, modedug, unique key encode

`/app/config/auth.php` | Drive authen

`/app/config/cache.php` | Cache data and response request faster

`/app/database/migrations/` | Migration folder include php classes allow Laravel update Schema database but still keep all versions of databse when synchronized. Migration files create by Artisan tool

`/app/database/seeds/` | Contain php files allow Artisan put into(đưa vào) table with data suggestions

`/app/models/` | Contain model files of application

`/app/views/` | Folder contain html files use by controller or route

`/app/lang/` | Folder contain langluage use for pagination(phân trang) and authen from user with default language (common is Ennlish )

`/app/start/` | Contain config related(liên quan) to Artisan tool, context local and gloal

`/app/storage` | Folder store tempo files of Laravel services as: sesscion, cache, template view compile. This Folder can write by web server. Laravel control manage this folder and we uncessary intervence(can thiệp)

`/app/routes.php` | Route file in your application, it save all route to inform with Laravel how to connect when have request.

`/app/filter.php` | File use to limmit area access deny of web


